## Synopsis

Without knowing a business target audience it is really hard to be well defined in
the market and to make profits as a business. This knowledge is far more important
than we think. Identifying the potential customers , knowing everything about their
age , tastes , their regular activity, lifestyle and also their budget is a day dream to
every company in the business world.
If someone wants to test a business idea , and to see if there exists a market place
for him to enter and create a value by its product there is not a proper way how to
conduct this test. Or if someone has an idea to open a gym and he doesn’t know where
first thing he needs to do is to search for those areas which he may have a lot of
customers. As we mentioned there is not a specific way of how to do this in a small
period of time.
There exist some research companies taking statistic tests to give you a proper
location to start your business, but they have biased results which sometimes do not
help the entrepreneur to make their financial decisions.
Thus we have encountered a big and yet unsolved problem. That of a specific tool
empowered by technology which will be able to perform queries give intelligent data
concerning target audience of a specific business type.
***1.2 Why is it important ?***
If a proper solution would be given to this problem then there we might have other
implications as follows :
(A tool providing the solution of the problem may be helpful to below target groups)

***a) Start Ups(Testing Ideas):***

A country's economic fast development is highly correlated with its brand new
yearly investments. But one of the most stressful challenges for new entrepreneurs is
that of testing whether their product will/will not have a proper target audience in a
specific country. Thus being a system providing this service will be viable to Start Ups
and other new investors.

***b) Street Marketing***

Someone may want to promote their business in the street by distributing
pamphlets or other offers to potential buyers of the product , but the company does not
know where is the more dense population of the specific target audience they are
asking for. Thus a system providing maps of density (Heat Maps) would be very
helpful.

## Solution


I propose building a webservice that gathers data from social network ( especially
facebook ) ,profiles users and take their location. After we get all the posts and
facebook likes and other various information we store the user in a creative mongo-
based database and then we can query everything about user tastes in accordance with
some algorithms which we will explain later. Than we can produce heat maps or mass
mail service to send a common email to the list generated by the system of the users
satisfying the conditions.


## Motivation

A short description of the motivation behind the creation and maintenance of the project. This should explain **why** the project exists.

## Installation

Provide code examples and explanations of how to get the project.

## API Reference

> Facebook Graph Api 
> Python Language [FLASK]
> Data Structures
> Data Mining Concepts (RAKE)
> Mongo DB 

## Install 
- Clone repository
- cd MarketAnalyzer 
- sudo python manage runserver 

(After you have installed all the needed python packages )

You can try : 
*localhost:5000 ->Agreement
*localhost:5000/analyzer  -> Analyzes facebook profile and adds the user indexation into the queue 
*localhost:5000/filter -> Filtering and producing heat maps and lists



## License


    Copyright (c) 2016 MIT


    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


****KEYWORDS : FACEBOOK GRAPH API , DATA ANALYTICS, ANALYZER, HEATMAPS , PYTHON , FLASK , MONGO DB ****
